docs: add delete groups (#13759)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/product-analytics/group-analytics.mdx

  selfServe: full
  enterprise: full
---

<iframe
    src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/9mCWbVNzn4c"
    className="rounded shadow-xl"
/>

<CalloutBox icon="IconInfo" title="New: B2B analytics preview" type="fyi">

> Group analytics is getting a makeover! Sign up for the [B2B analytics feature preview](https://app.posthog.com/settings/user-feature-previews#b2b-analytics) to get a sneak peek, and [share your feedback](https://app.posthog.com/#panel=support%3Afeedback%3Acrm%3Alow).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Group analytics is getting a makeover! Sign up for the [customer analytics feature preview](https://app.posthog.com/settings/user-feature-previews#customer-analytics-roadmap) to get a sneak peek, and [share your feedback](https://app.posthog.com/#panel=support%3Afeedback%3Acrm%3Alow).
```

export const funnelsGroupAggregationLight = "https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/q_auto,f_auto/Screenshot_2025_11_18_at_4_58_31_PM_f36d3c1500.png"
export const funnelsGroupAggregationDark = "https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/q_auto,f_auto/Screenshot_2025_11_18_at_4_58_05_PM_e0829fe567.png"
export const groupsInFeatureLight = "https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/video/upload/posthog.com/contents/images/docs/user-guides/group-analytics/groups-in-feature-flags-light-mode.mp4"
export const groupsInFeatureDark = "https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/video/upload/posthog.com/contents/images/docs/user-guides/group-analytics/groups-in-feature-flags-dark-mode.mp4"
export const groupsProjectSettingLight = "https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/posthog.com/contents/images/docs/user-guides/group-analytics/groups-project-settings-light-mode.png"
export const groupsProjectSettingDark = "https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/posthog.com/contents/images/docs/user-guides/group-analytics/groups-project-settings-dark-mode.png"

> export const deleteGroupsLight = "https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/q_auto,f_auto/Screenshot_2025_11_18_at_5_24_35_PM_dd4232b4cd.png"

Reviewer 2: I think we can make these narrower and more focused, this is really wide :P

</MultiLanguage>

### Rename group types

You can change how group types are displayed in the insights interface and throughout PostHog in **Settings** > **Customer analytics**.

<ProductScreenshot
    imageLight = "https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/q_auto,f_auto/Screenshot_2025_11_18_at_5_05_01_PM_f6d855ed9e.png"
    imageDark = "https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/q_auto,f_auto/Screenshot_2025_11_18_at_5_05_28_PM_ad3b9f13b4.png"
    classes="rounded"
    alt="Groups in project settings"
/>

## Delete groups

> To delete a group type:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To delete a group:
```

Reviewer: Not sure about this. The section above is named `Rename group types` and this one is called `Delete groups`.

IMO we should be very clear when we mean group as an individual group or a group type, as deleting the former is not possible, while the latter is. Using "delete a group" seems to me that we're deleting an individual group, not a category of groups (which is the case).

Not sure if `group type` is the best customer-facing term here either, even though is the one we use in the code.

1. Go to the **People** tab in the navigation bar.
2. Select **Menu options**, then **Delete group type**.

<ProductScreenshot
    imageLight = {deleteGroupsLight}
    imageDark = {deleteGroupsDark}
    classes="rounded"
    alt="View groups"
/>

<CalloutBox icon="IconWarning" title="Important notes about deleting groups" type="caution">

> - When you delete a group, the underlying event data remains unchanged. The group data is filtered out from queries based on a deletion timestamp, which means deleted groups do not count toward your usage limits.

Reviewer 3: > which means deleted groups do not count toward your usage limits.

is this true? I'm not super familiar with the pricing for groups. Obviously we'll have already charged for the events received up to deletion, and I thought because groups reappear when we receive new events we'll immediately start charging again?

Reviewer: Usage limits here sounds ambiguous. I think the point is that the deleted group types won't count towards the 5 group types hard limit that we have.

- Historical events associated with the deleted group are preserved in the database. If new events come in with the same group key, the group will reappear in the interface.
- The group key can be reused after deletion to create a new group, and any new events with that group key will cause it to show up again.

> - Deleting a group is permanent and cannot be undone through the interface.

Reviewer: Let's say I have a group type called "Orgs", which has events. If I delete "Orgs", all existing events will not be accessible when filtering by "Orgs" anymore.

If we ingest a new event with "Orgs" as group type, the group type will be recreated with a newer `created_at` timestamp. This means that the old events (with timestamp older than `created_at`) won't show up for this group type, even though it has the same name as before.
